so now episode 2 of free you at OB swim
club oh it is both the best and worst
decision of my life bin and Haru are
having their awesome race right now
they're gonna race freestyle 100 meters
so ridz kickoff is stronger but Horace
is faster so opening theme song what we
don't get to see the conclusion of the
match I just kind of get to the next day
where r in is like sad that his never
gonna be able to defeat Haru and Haru
sitting in the bath again and the three
boys are getting in trouble Haru Makoto
and Nagisa are getting in trouble for
trespassing on a different school but
they're letting it slide in the meetup
with rin sister and they're like what
the hell he was so mean what happened to
him she's like I honestly don't know
what happened in Australia but was
hoping that I'd find something out after
you guys ended up with him turns out
goal kind of set everything up she kind
of orchestrated this entire meeting and
Nagisa is liked Lester to swim club it
would be great we can see him at
tournaments oh this friends forever and
they go over to Horace has to ask if he
wants to join and go is looking at a
black horror calls her by the name she
wants to be known by Cole not goal it's
a huge difference and Cole goal whatever
her name is she admits that RINs come
back every new years but other than that
he'd ever comes back to Japan and the
other boys didn't know about that and
they're like what why did he tell us he
ever came back so rude Nagisa is getting
the ball rolling on creating a new club
the Swim Club of course I side to make
Makoto the captain because heart even
though har was the fastest swimmer he
would not make a very good captain so
they need a faculty advisor who could
possibly be the vehicle
advisor perhaps not that female teacher
that we've all gone to know in the past
episode and a half that I haven't
mentioned yet so far so yeah they get
her to be their faculty advisor that's
so nice sokol goes to visit her brother
at school and she sees all the boys
getting ready for swim practice and one
boy a particular was like hey you're
kind of cute and she's like oh no I'm
serious to my father or whatever but
then she learns that there's no one that
her brother isn't on the swim team what
so anyway back at school their requests
to create a swim club has been approved
but he and one more member I suspect it
might be a glasses-wearing member that
has appeared in beginning and ending
theme song but it's not yet appeared in
the anime quit yet maybe I don't know
just throwing it out there and they also
have to clean up the pool that has not
been cleaned in quite a while it seems
so they get to the renovation process
it's a montage and everything it's great
this is a full foot I was I was being
coy when I said montage but that was
legit a montage so hopefully this new
clean up pool would bring attention of
some fourth member perhaps with glasses
Nagisa is out looking for people who
could potentially join his swim club for
that fourth elusive member that they
need what if we advertised that that
sexy new lady teacher is our advisor
that could draw some people in right and
she's like no and Cole those up to
Mikoto and she's like why didn't you
start this club a year ago when you were
first year it's never seniors and he's
like uh I mean I mean har wasn't
interested in trying and I guess whether
or not Mikoto wants to do it is all
about whether or not hora wants to do it
and co admits like my brother is not on
the swim team at a school I mean I'm
just saying now we're gonna go quick
flashback to the swim race
from the other night and it's haro is
keeping up and he's he's doing a super
good job even though he hasn't practiced
in like two years and RINs been at a
special school in Australia RINs better
on the turns but hara's just faster so
we actually we learned that ridden one
so in co is like what I mean I thought
he seemed upset so that maybe meant that
he didn't win but my coach was like a
mean he wasn't happy with winning so in
the difference is that hara just wanted
to swim whereas rin needed to win soco
asks if she can be the fourth member
she'll be the manager and she'll watch
over them and all that it's alright the
swim club is official those those
adorable sequence I've ever seen Makoto
at home with his younger twin siblings I
wish I had an older brother like that I
which had an older brother period it was
cute mackage oh goes to watch his old
childhood memory Swim Club place be torn
down and there's this weird guy there
wait he's the coach coach thought of a
weird guy who's now a pizza delivery man
used to be the coach this guy reminisce
is about a time a couple years ago in
their first year of middle school when
harka and rin had raised against one
another and harka won easily no contest
and rin was so upset because he went to
australia to become a better swimmer and
it didn't help and makoto figures it out
that's why I Haru quit swimming
competitively because he really hurt
RINs feelings when he defeated him in
that sweat
but I'm sorry this is serious in that
swimming match smell cojo calls up a
friend and he's like hey our school is
starting a swim club so you should
totally join your school swim club so we
can you know swim against one another
okay so the pool is all filled up and
they're gonna do a test run and they're
gonna see what it's like looks nice and
um Hara is gonna jump in took a shirt
off it's way too cold in this pool he's
getting really cold but you know he
loves me so the only problem is that in
the opening and ending theme song there
was a cute glasses there is not yet a
kid with glasses in there a swim club so
I think at least one more kid is gonna
join this one club if not several more
because you know swim clubs who knows
who will join Fiasco's anyway I have to
get this show is so terrible it's so bad
this is a really really bad show but it
it's because it's so bad I like it I
don't think I've ever really watched a
show like this a show that was obviously
specifically made and animated for girls
I don't think I've ever watch a show
like that except for one right ouran
high school host club but um even that
was kind of I think tame in comparison
to this in comparison to this insanity
that I'm watching right now anyway I'll
see you next time for my next free you
at OB sports a swim club episode 3 I